[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You are listening to
the "Imposter Syndrome"
MindTALK audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do, apart from
close your eyes, relax, and let
go, and really enjoy those
peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
I'd like you now
to make yourself
as comfortable as possible.
And listen to the
sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
But you know that
they're not important.
They don't matter at all.
And you can dismiss them
out of your awareness
and focus your mind
entirely on what I'm saying.
This is your time, and
you make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs
as much as you can.
And let it out slowly.
And again, take in
a long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
Now you can allow your
breathing to return to normal.
Gentle breaths in
and out, returning
to your normal,
gentle breathing pace.
And I'd like you now
to imagine yourself
outside and your
favorite place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful
tropical beach,
or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat, which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't matter
where you are, as long
as it feels good to you.
And it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear.
And it's a warm summer's day.
There's a breeze gently
blowing over you,
and the temperature is
just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing, healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly, you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face,
just relaxing those muscles
around the eyes, around the
nose and mouth and your brow.
And as you do this, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten
out as they relax,
and you let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day.
You move the light from the
sun into the throat area,
feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat.
Relaxing all the muscles, just
letting go completely now.
And the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your
shoulders, making them
feel loose and limp
and comfortable
as your shoulders sink into
the frame of your body.
And you feel so comfortable now.
So relaxed and at peace.
And you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
And you direct the light from
the sun down your right arm,
from the shoulders to
the tips of your fingers.
The right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the nerves and bones
and muscles of the right arm.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You move the sun
over to your left arm
and guide the light from the
sun down and up your left arm,
from the top of your
shoulders all the way down
to the tips of your fingers.
You can feel the
left arm relaxing,
become comfortably heavy
and totally relaxed.
Now, move that warm light
across and into the chest area.
And relax the chest and
all the muscles there.
Now down to the stomach,
relaxing your tummy,
down into your hips and your
thighs, over to your right leg.
The light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
And move the light from the
sun down your right leg,
up and down from the top of the
hips to the tips of your toes,
as the right leg
relaxes and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful
day, you now move the light
into your left leg.
You move it up and down the left
leg, from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes.
And your left leg relaxes,
releasing tension,
letting go now completely.
Your whole body is now totally
and completely relaxed,
from the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes,
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you now to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now.
Deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed, but still completely
alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly
relaxed, but you
stay focused on these words.
So now, I'd like you to
use your imagination.
And once again, you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day, and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and
gentle breeze in the air,
making you feel pleasantly
relaxed and calm.
All around, you can see
trees and plants and an array
of the most beautiful
flowers you have ever seen,
so colorful and vibrant.
And you can smell the rich
aroma of these flowers,
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right now.
You feel completely
at ease and so calm.
And in the distance, you
can hear the sound of water
flowing slowly and gently.
The sound of water is helping
you to go more and more deeply
relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
loosening more and more,
relaxing with the beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity, you decide to
follow the sound of the water.
And you feel excited about where
it's leading you, knowing deep
within yourself you're going
to a very special place,
a place where you're
going to create
some positive, wonderful,
long-lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water,
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees.
You feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake, you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen.
And you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is
filled with a variety
of colors, rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens.
And it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take, feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out,
just letting go, deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently,
flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance and
you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge,
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge, you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start
walking over the bridge,
counting the steps in your mind.
10, 9, deeper and
deeper still, 8, 7,
all the way down
to relaxation now,
6, 5, and 4, drifting off
peacefully and easily,
3, 2, all the way down,
deeply relaxed, and 1.
You see a comfortable
padded chair
and you take a seat,
ready to embrace
the changes to come in your
deep state of relaxation now.
And for a while
now, you may have
been feeling like you're a
fraud and everyone is not
convinced by your abilities.
You may have felt
like you've been
faking it or winging it, working
things out as you go along.
Thinking, have people noticed?
Or am I going to get found out?
And the first step to feeling
better about this situation
is to realize that a
lot of other people
also suffer from
exactly the same thing.
Everyone at some
point in their lives
feel like they, too, aren't
good enough or talented enough
at something.
And when you feel
like a fraud, it's
in relation to some perfection
that never actually exists.
So you start to let
go of perfection now
and thinking you must know and
be the best at everything you
do, helping you feel
like less of a failure.
And the truth is that
nobody is perfect.
There are a lot of
people who will tell you
that they know the answers.
And the truth is that
these people don't always
know the answers.
And sometimes,
they're winging it.
Sometimes they give things
to try and work things
out as they go along.
And instead of worrying about
what you can and can't do,
you start to think
about your successes,
for we feel like frauds when
we're unable to internalize
our successes.
So take a moment now
to think about tasks
you've completed well, past
successes in your life,
things that you've achieved
that you're proud of.
And you know that you've been
given an opportunity at work
that others want, or you
wouldn't be in the role
that you're in now.
And you're doing a
great job, and start
to see that people think
very highly of you.
You feel at ease and
at peace with yourself
and your abilities now.
Reminding yourself of all
your previous successes
helps you to also
remember the nice things
people have said about you.
Thanking you, complimenting
you, praising you,
and seeking your advice.
Listening to you and
following your lead.
Reminding yourself
of those nice words
helps your confidence to soar.
Your past successes
and compliments
increase your
self-confidence threefold
as you say to
yourself repeatedly,
I'm doing a great job.
And now, instead of
comparing yourself
to others, as you know that
no two people are the same
and no one else is
perfect, you believe
that your own
knowledge and expertise
is unique to only you.
So you stop comparing
yourself to others,
knowing that you
yourself have everything
you need to complete any task,
and you do your job well.
You start to forgive and allow
yourself to make more mistakes.
You know that being wrong
doesn't make you a fake.
The best football
teams inevitably lose,
so you stop glorifying failure.
It's OK to be wrong.
And you don't let mistakes
knock your confidence.
Instead, you put it down to
a great learning experience
and you move on.
You start to accept who you are
and what you can offer people,
feeling self-assured and
confident in your abilities.
Giving everything a
try, as you know you're
not an imposter for trying
something that might not work.
And as you take on
board everything
that's said to you today, you
change your internal dynamic,
keeping your thoughts
positive about yourself
and your abilities,
stopping yourself the minute
you hear your internal
dialogue becoming negative.
You keep your thoughts
positive about yourself
and about your abilities.
You know that negative thinking
has no benefit in your life.
It serves you no purpose
at all, so you let it go.
And when I click my fingers,
count to 3, and say "now,"
you'll let go of any negative
thinking you have of yourself.
1, 2, 3.
[SNAPS FINGERS]
Now.
Let go of all those negative
thoughts about yourself.
From now on in, you're
confident, ambitious, relaxed,
focused, and driven.
You accept your
strengths and weaknesses,
as you know that you're
doing a great job.
You reward yourself
for your successes
and you move on quickly
from any mistakes.
You know that your
future's bright,
and you have lots of
successes coming your way.
And this pleases you and
fills you with confidence.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind
and will become more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of 5, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now.
So 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.